hi guys welcome back to my channel for
today's video I'm going to be using the
lorac Pro palette to show you how I
created this entire look using just this
one palette it is a gorgeous palette
with absolutely beautiful colors so yeah
if you guys want to see how I got this
book then of course just keep on
watching so we're first going to be
starting off with this Revlon Colorstay
concealer as the lid primer so with the
lorac Pro palette I'm going to be
starting off with taupe and applying
that as my transition color now going in
with sable and applying that more
towards the outer crease we're going to
start building on that to create more
depth and intensity now with espresso
we're going to focus that on the outer
part of the crease
make sure to blend all of the colors
together going in with Garnett and
applying that all over the lid with
pewter I'm going to just apply that on
the center of the lids not going all the
way to the inner corners going in to
light bronze and using that for the
inner part of my eye taking more of
taupe and just blending some more
taking cream and I'm going to apply that
as the brow highlight taking nude and
applying that right at the arch of the
brow with the next liner I'm going to
apply that on the outer water line as
well as the outer lash line and smudging
it out to smudge it out I'm using some
espresso eyeshadow from the palette and
just smudge it through and then grabbing
a fluffier brush and just blending some
more taking a nude liner i'm just going
to ram the inner part of my eyes as you
see here i'm going to be creating a
pretty thick liner with this wet and
wild h2o proof liner so just depending
on the intensity that you want but i
wanted a pretty drastic one so i'm just
kind of quickly showing you how i did
that
after all the face products are on on
going back into the palate with some
more of pewter and light bronze and
applying that on the bottom lash line on
the inner part and going in with Newt
again and applying that on the inner
tear ducts of my eyes for lips i'm using
this elf matte lip pencil and tea rose
and i'm just going to line and fill in
my lips for the center of my lips I went
with fergie daily from wet and wild and
for gloss i'm using this NYC lip glider
in mulberry st. mocha you guys know I
love that shade so this is the finished
look I hope you guys like it I did not
cut my hair I just pinned up the longer
pieces because I wanted kind of like a
shorter kind of bob look but my hair is
kind of look too long for that but I
just did want a short look for this
video I hope you guys like it stay tuned
for more I love you guys bye